Pulses are one of the foremost food items to consider if you are on the lookout to include healthy foods in your diet

Chickpea-(Kabuli chana)
Chickpea is primarily consumed as a dry pulse. The shelled peas are eaten as snack or vegetable. The seed husks can be used as a feed for animals. Chickpeas are also commonly cooked and ground into a paste to produce the popular dish, hummus.
Chickpeas are a rich source of copper, a good source of folate and zinc, and a source of protein, vitamin A, and iron They are also very high in dietary fiber and hence a healthy source of carbohydrates for persons with insulin sensitivity or diabetes.
Chickpeas are low in fat and most of this is polyunsaturated.Mature chickpeas can be cooked and eaten cold in salads, cooked in stews, and eaten in soups
We have different types of chickpeas include like kabuli chickpeas, black chickpeas, green chickpeas.


tur/archar-(archar dal)
toor dal Loaded with protein, vitamins and other health-enhancing nutrients toor dal is highly demanded across the country.
Toor dal, commonly known as arhar dal, is a part of the legume family that includes peas, beans, and lentils. It is also known as ‘pigeon peas’. It is an oval, yellow pulse that is widely used in Indian households as a staple food item.
Maintain a healthy metabolism rate: Vitamin B-complex in toor dal is an essential nutrient that keeps your metabolism rate in a healthy range. 
Toor dal is one of the essential pulses that you can include in your diet. Not only it is immensely nutrient-rich, but it is a boon for the ever-expanding vegetarian community. It fits perfectly with any balanced diet plan and has numerous long-lasting health benefits for people of any age group.


Moong dal-(Green gram )
Packed with protein and low on carbs, moong dal (also known as green gram) is one of the most recommended vegetarian superfoods. An integral part of the Indian diet, it is extremely light and easy to digest.
Moong dal is a nutrient-rich food. They’re packed with minerals like potassium, magnesium, iron, and copper. In addition to this, they also contain folate, fiber, fiber, and vitamin B6, apart from loads of high-quality protein


urad dal-
Urad also know commonly as Black Gram originated in IndiaAs the name suggests whole black gram is black in colour and split dehulled are white in color
Types of Urad Dal
Whole urad: Whole Urad dal is used more like a chili or stew than a soup or dal. These lentil-like beans have black skins covering creamy white interiors. Whole urad dal derive their strong, earthy flavor from the black skins. Best when soaked for about 4 hours or overnight
split washed white urad: White Urad Dal is a whole or split urad with its skin removed. These lentils are creamy white in color and have a milder flavor than whole Black Urad Dal. It is very nutritious and rich in protein.WhiteUrad dal is very easy and quick to make and the addition of different tadkas makes this dal very flavorful and delicious.

masoor dal-(Lentil)
Masoor Pulse is a good source of protein, essential amino acids, potassium, iron, fiber and vitamin B1. It also helps to lower cholesterol and control sugar levels.
Masoor Dal are loaded with a ton of nutrients which make them extremely beneficial for your health when consumed
Lentils are rich in flavones, a class of antioxidants with antioxidant properties. Studies have proved that regular consumption of lentils can reduce the risk of breast cancer.


