Fruit pulp

Mango pulp-
1)We offer finest quality Mango Pulp. The range of mango pulp that we offer is extracted
from the fresh and best quality mangoes that are hygienically processed, and is stored
at the required temperature to provide the real taste of mango.
2)Mango is high in beta-carotene, a precursor of vitamin A, and is a rich source of the vitamin B complex.Our mango pulp is derived from fresh mangoes. Mango Pulp finds its application in variety of beverages such as Milkshakes, Pastries, Jams, Juices etc. The mango pulp we export has a sweet taste, texture and fragrance.
3)The pulp is prepared in the most hygienic conditions. We also offer superb packing and a cost-effective pricing structure.
4)We have variety of Mango pulp available with us such as Alphonso Mango Pulp, Kesar Mango Pulp, and Totapuri Mango Pulp etc.



Guava pulp-
1)Guava pulp is obtained from ripe guava fruit, one of the highest sources of Vitamin C.The Guava is a round or pear – shaped tropical fruit with a white, yellow or pink interior, which is fleshy and interspersed with many hard seeds.
2)The Guava pulp obtained is pure and creamy white in texture, assuring highest quality standards.
3)We have variety of Guava pulp: White Guava Pulp & Pink Guava Pulp.
4)White Guava Pulp is strained so that it is free from peels, seeds, other coarse parts of the guava fruit, and other substances or impurities.Pink guava is a tropical fruit which is known for its unique taste, aroma and pink colored pulp.

Banana pulp-
1)Banana is one of the most popular fruits world over, it can be called the ideal anytime snack food because of the convenience it offers while eating it. No cutting, no mess, just peel and eat
1)We provide best quality banana pulp/puree suited for a diverse range of food formulations where absolutely natural banana taste & flavor is essentially required. Our banana pulp/puree can add that delicious natural banana flavor, creamy yellow color, texture, aroma and consistency to whatever food you desire.
2)They contain vitamin A and C and a large number of vitamins from the B group, including thiamin, riboflavin, niacin and B6, as well as traces of folic acid.
3)Banana pulp finds its application in varietyBeverages such as Juice, Nectar, Fruit drink &fruit cocktails etc.


papaya pulp
1)Papayas are a soft, fleshy fruit that can be used in a wide variety of culinary ways.Papaya (Carica papaya) is a tropical fruit having commercial importance because of its high nutritive and medicinal value.
2)The nutrients found in papaya are thought to have a range of health benefits. They may help protect against a number of health conditions.
3)Papaya Pulp is free from any pathogenic bacteria. Papaya pulp contains nutrients that prevent the oxidation of cholesterol, occurring of heart attacks or strokes as it contains large amounts of Vitamin C and vitamin A. Papaya pulp can be blended into a creamy salad dressing, sauce and in baby foods.
4)We have variety of papaya pulp: yellow papapya pulp and red papapya pulp.


Tomaton puree and paste
1)The tomato not only adds taste to the platter, but also helps fight diseases. Tomatoes are rich in vitamins A and C and fiber, and are cholesterol free.
1)Tomato puree is a thick liquid made by cooking and straining tomatoes. The difference between tomato paste, tomato puree, and tomato sauce is consistency, tomato puree has a thicker consistency and a deeper flavor than sauce. Tomato puree can be used in soups, stews, sauces, or any other dish where the tomato flavor is desired, but not the texture. 
2)Tomato purée has approx 14% solids content.
3)Tomato puree is extensively used in varied range of food products mainly in instant soups, curries & savories other instant foods.Tomato paste is widely used in Juices: Juices, mixed fruit juices.

pomogrante juice & concentrate
1)Pomegranates are a popular exotic fruit, it has a thick, leathery peel which cover the pulp and a seed inside surrounded by a red juice nectar called an aril. Pomegranate arils contain a high number of antioxidants, which help protect the body against inflammation and free radical damage and it’s a good source of fiber, Vitamin B/ C /K and potassium.
1)Pomegranates include hundreds of ruby-red edible seeds. The seeds,called arils, are surrounded by a sack filled with a tartly sweet juice.
2)This Pomegranate Concentrate is specially indicated for drinks in dilution indication of 1:3 to obtain a final beverage with 13º Brix.
3)both pure pomegranate juice and Pomegranate Concentrate blended with other fruit juices are ideal. If Pomegranate Concentrate is added to other juice concentrates, it will improve the properties of the juice or drink which results, due to its medicinal properties.








