Basmati rice

1)1121 Basmati rice-
Pusa 1121 is an essentially derived variety evolved through the process of hybridization over a long breeding process
1121 Basmati Rice grade is known worldwide for its long length, excellent cooking qualities, unique aroma, special sweet taste and high nutritional value.
We offer high quality 1121 Basmati Rice variety that has the length ranges from 8.05 to 8.30mm. The 1121 Basmati Rice variety is extremely popular in the market and is considered among the reliable suppliers of basmati rice. Our 1121 Basmati Rice variety has qualitative features like 100% purity, very extra long grain, famous for its aromatic fragrance, non-sticky after cooking.

variteis :

1121 Sella basmati rice 
1121 Golden Sella basmati rice 
1121 Steam basmati rice 
1121 Raw basmati rice 
1121 Brown Basmati Rice

specification.
Style	                         Dried
Cultivation Type	          Organic
Shelf Life	                9 Months
Variety	                      Long Grain
Texture	                         Hard
Speciality	             Gluten Free, High In Protein, No Preservatives
Moisture	               12.5%

2)1401 basmati rice-
1401 is an improved version of aromatic hybrid Basmati Rice. It is the first early maturing basmati rice variety & has high yield.
Experience the fine taste and the mouth-watering aroma of the 1401 Basmati Rice. Behold! These are not the only qualities associated with this newly developed variety of rice. It's each and every grain cooks to perfection and the mere sight and smell make it hard to resist the urge to taste it. 
This variant of rice is an improved version of the hybrid aromatic basmati rice with an average grain length of 7.3 mm.

variteis
1401 steam basmati rice
1401 sella basmati rice(white/goldan)
1401 raw basmati rice-



3)- Pusa Basmati Rice
Pusa Basmati Rice is a hybrid variety of Basmati rice that that boasts qualities like long grains, aromatic fragrance and non-stickiness after cooking. Its distinctive taste and enticing aroma has made Long Grain Pusa Basmati Rice highly acclaimed in the international market and the Pusa Basmati rice we provide is 100% pure.
We are engaged in providing our clients with Pusa Basmati Rice, which is scientifically known as IET- 10364 and exhibits semi-dwarf (85-95 cm) growth. The Pusa Basmati Rice variety is highly appreciated for rich aroma and good taste. We offer the Pusa Basmati Rice range at market leading rates to the valued clients.

variteis_
Pusa Sella basmati rice
Pusa Golden Sella basmati rice 
Pusa Steam basmati rice 
Pusa Raw basmati rice 
Pusa Brown Basmati Rice

tyle	                 Dried
Cultivation Type	 Organic
Shelf Life	         6 Months
Variety	                 Long Grain
Texture	                 Hard
Speciality	         Gluten Free, High In Protein, No Artificial Color
Features	         Superfine and elongated, Exotic taste, Soft & white grain Non-sticky Rich aroma
Place Of Origin          India


4)Traditional Basmati Rice
In the world of rice, Traditional Basmati Rice is believed to be of Premium Quality. This original basmati rice has the best authentic flavor & aromatic fragrance. After cooking, the length of all grains become almost double and it comes out to be non-sticky and separate from each other.
Traditional Basmati Rice Is A Variety Of Long Grain Rice Grown In India, Famous For Its Fragrance And Delicate, Nuanced Flavour. 

variteis-
Traditional raw Basmati Rice
Traditional sella Basmati Rice


5)Sugndha Basmati Rice
Sugandha Basmati Rice is highly aromatic and is appreciated for its slender grains and delicious taste. Nutritional value of Sugandha Basmati Rice is quite high, thus it is widely used for daily meal preparation in households, restaurants and other food catering areas. It has good degree of natural aroma in both raw and cooked states.
The nutritional value of sugandha rice is also very high, thus, their demand in households and restaurants always at the peak.
Basmati Rice has a special taste and does not stick together after cooking and remain delicious. The aroma and taste of Basmati Rice gets better with age.
Sugandha Basmati Rice is one of the very popular types of basmati rice. It is a extra long grain rice grown in Haryana, Punjab, and Uttar Pradesh states of India.

Variteis
Sugndha sella Basmati Rice
Sugndha goldan sella Basmati Rice
Sugndha raw Basmati Rice
Sugndha stem Basmati Rice


6) Sharbati Basmati Rice-
Basmati is a variety of long, slender-grained aromatic rice which is traditionally from the Indian subcontinent.
Sharbati Rice is a variety of basmati rice and is very economical. Long Grain Sharbati Rice is easy to digest as it consists of quality dietary fiber. Some of the unique features of our rice are its fragrant aroma and taste. Sharbati Basmati Rice is known for its scrumptious taste, non-sticky nature and excellent quality.
Sharbati Basmati Rice is one of the very popular types of basmati rice. It is a extra long grain rice grown in Haryana, Punjab, and Uttar Pradesh states of India.
 The variety of Sharbati rice is very cost-effective. It is a long-grain type that is easy to digest as it includes a high dietary structure. After cooking it becomes fluffy and dry that makes it the preferred choice among the rice consumers. A few of the unique highlights of Sharbati rice are its fragrant aroma and flavor.
This rice contains iron and zinc.

Varites
Sharbati sella Basmati Rice
Sharbati goldan sella Basmati Rice
Sharbati raw Basmati Rice
Sharbati stem Basmati Rice

7)1509 Basmati Rice
1509 Basmati Rice variety has the longest grain, which can go up to 8.5 mm. 1509 rice is cheaper in comparison to 1121 rice variety because 1509 rice's cultivation time is less and produces higher yield as compared to 1121 rice. Upon cooking, the grains exhibit great elongation, excellent fluffiness, are non-sticky and have a pleasant aroma.
1509 is one of the biggest grains, which expands up to 8.55mm.Basmati rice has a unique size, excellent fluffiness. It is non-sticky and has an alluring fragrance.

Variteis
1509 sella Basmati Rice
1509 goldan sella Basmati Rice
1509 raw Basmati Rice
1509 stem Basmati Rice




